tons of explosives dropped on a refugee
camp a mass killing of more than 100
people jabia is one of the Gaza strip's
biggest refugee camp Israel has bomed it
several times but the worst came on
Tuesday six large bombs three of them
coming together to leave overlapping
craters in the heart of the
camp many remain buried under this
Rubble most of them women and children
no es ERS no heavy machinery no rescue
equipment the survivors desperately try
to recover others with their bare hands
a race against
time there
was a little girl in this place they are
trying their best to reach this little
girl once bustling with playing
children this area is now a scene of
Devastation the occupation War play have
destroyed this District completely with
six USM made bombs thrown to these
places thrown on these people and every
single one in this District have lost
their lives and have been
wounded this Indonesian hospital just
over a kilometer away is already
overwhelmed by
patients the injured keept arriving but
many didn't survive the short trip
surgeons are operating in corridors
sometimes without anesthetics due to the
lack of supplies this is a moral
disaster for us now if we cannot stop
this and the hospitals are denied fuel
electrical power water and medical
supplies why would we accept that in
jabalia some buildings are still
collapsing from the impact of the bones
terrifying children being pulled from
the RS the kids the children oh my God
look at the destruction most of the
victims are kids children and women
jabia is home to more than 100,000
refugees but it covers an area of only 1
and a half square kilometers making it
one of the most densely populated places
on Earth under constant Israeli bombing
Palestinian here say they are trapped
and forgotten by the outside world R
Sardar Al jazer
well Al jaz's Muhammad Abu Al kusan from
our Gaza office lost 19 members of his
family in that jabalia attack the AL
jazer network has called for justice in
a statement saying Al jazer vly condemns
the henus and indiscriminate Israeli
bombing that has resulted in the killing
of 19 family members of our dedicated
engineer Muhammad Abu Al kusan we extend
our sincere condolences to Muhammad and
his family and stand in solidarity with
them during this time of profound sorrow
and we call for justice and
accountability for the senseless murder
of innocent lives